fix(azure): enhance retry logic using azure SDK (#5361)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/azure.md

## Throttling

When the ExternalDNS managed zones list doesn't change frequently, one can set `--azure-zones-cache-duration` (zones list cache time-to-live). The zones list cache is disabled by default, with a value of 0s.

> Also, one can leverage the built-in retry policies of the Azure SDK with a tunable maxRetries value. Environment variable AZURE_SDK_MAX_RETRIES can be specified in the manifest yaml to configure behavior. The defualt value of Azure SDK retry is 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, one can leverage the built-in retry policies of the Azure SDK. Environment variable AZURE_SDK_MAX_RETRIES can be specified in the manifest yaml to configure behavior. The default value of Azure SDK retry is 3.
```

Author: Changes added.
